# Meeting Notes from 2017-08-29

The irreplaceable Jake Heath, the renowned Michael Roberts, and Clint were
present.

## High Level / Vision Questions

Michael and Jake's goal: build a tool that people will find useful

What's our unique value? The tool is good at finding:
* DOM XSS
* Template Injection (Angular, etc.)

## Usage

### UI

* On web pages that have forms, add a button next to each text input field, a la
  Last Pass
* When you click on the button, the plugin adds the tracer keyword into the text
  field

### Workflow

* Phase 1 - mapping
  * Navigate through the application and place the default tracer in all input fields
  * Determine where all the inputs are reflected by the application and in what
    context they are used (HTML, JS, etc.)
* Phase 2 - exploitability
  * Navigate through the app again, but this time append to the new tracer a
    series of characters that are useful for exploitation, e.g. ', ", <, >, ;,
    and so forth
  * By looking at the responses, we can check after the tracers to see if the
    "interesting" characters have been encoded, stripped, etc.
  * The reason we do this in 2 steps is that including these characters may a)
    cause the initial request sending the input to the server to fail, or b)
    cause the input to be stripped/modified when it's later sent back, and we
    want our initial mapping phase to be as accurate as possible.
  * For an XSS to be exploitable, it must both a) allow certain characters in
    the initial input to the server and b) not properly strip or encode them on
    the way back.

Tracers are checked by:
* The proxy in server responses
* The plugin for DOM writes/specific JS functions

## Changes/Improvements To Components

### Plugin

* Needs to hook more functions, things thar aren't written to the DOM
  * e.g. `eval`, `setTimeout`, `setLocation`, maybe more.
* Does the plugin properly inject itself and work in iframes?
* Make it work with the new server endpoints

### View

The page that displays tracer hits.

* We need to think more about what this page should display and how it should be
  presented.
* Eventually might be cool to have a graph of tracers between requests using D3
  or something

### Server

* Combine/clean up components

### Proxy

* Autorun server too
* HTTP/TLS part could be better

## TODOs

* [ ] See component specific TODOs above
* [ ] Review related work and see how we're different
  * DOMinator
  * AppSecUSA XSS Hunter guy
* [ ] Eventually consider tracing string inputs with constraints, and non string
  types (e.g. int, date, etc.)
  * Some fields with constraints, like emails, could just be <tracer>@email.com
* [ ] Make sure that adding tracers works for GET URL params and POST body
  params even when there's no corresponding text input
* [ ] Make sure we can handle tracers even when they're never sent to the server
  (e.g. input that goes straight to a DOM write)
  * Have plugin look for the initial keyword going to sinks
