# Notes from 2017-05-09 meeting

The esteemed Michael Roberts, Jake Heath, and Clint Gibler in attendance.

## Architectural Thoughts

Definitions:

* **Tracer** - a randomly generated unique identifier that keeps track of a given input that has been given to a web app.

Currently there's components:

1. **Chrome extension** - Observes the
2. **Proxy** - 
3. **Server** - 

These can't be 

- Most of the processing happens in the Chrome extension - looking for tracers.
- This is currently inefficient and may be slow with many tracers, but maybe
  could use a faster alg.

Currently focus on DOM XSS rather than reflected/stored, as Burp already does the latter a bit.

## Non-goals

* Writing automated crawlers of webapps, fuzzing, etc.
* We can leverage other existing tools for this.
* Fight the feature creep!

## Limitations

- Doesn't create tracers if they're directly used in DOM and never sent to the server.
  - The proxy registers tracers with the server.
  - So if JS pulls a URL arg and then puts it into the
- Currently `eval` and `setTimeout` won't be caught.

## Desired end state

- Graph of sources and sinks.
  - Where are all the places the username is displayed?

## Features/Stages

* **Phase 1**: Keep track of all input/output for a web app
  * This is mostly done - Michael.
* **Phase 2**: Where is it exploitable?
  * Need to know what context we're in (we already know from the plugin) 
    and how the server and client side handles them {}<>"' etc.
  * Note done at all yet.
  * Our input may screw up the DOM if we're not careful.
* **Phase 3**: Can we automatically come up with payloads and where to place them
  given above?
* **Phase 4**: Fuzz and break popular UI libraries' output encoding. This is hard.

## Result of this work

* Hang out over a weekend and find 100 XSS
* 

## Misc

>> "X-Ray vision into the DOM" - Michael Roberts

Our mascot is Michael's face.
