# Notes 2017/10/06 - Post Week 1

## Progress

Michael got most of the hooking done.

## Feature Ideas

* [ ] Need a new tool name.
* [ ] Feature - always on mode - insert payloads in all fields.
  * In the Chrome plugin settings page or on the icon in the URL bar.
* [ ] Haven't done anything with TLS yet, currently needs autochrome to work.
* [ ] Write tests for APIs that were added and other stuff
* [ ] Better logs (currently no uniformity)
* [ ] Better build system so other people can install and run it easily
* [ ] Update README (next Friday)
* [ ] Record tracers in headers
* [ ] Store content type, as that matters for exploitability

### UI
  * [ ] Do a more fully fleshed out UI
    * Use some kind of frontend framework (currently writing it in JS)
  * [ ] Sortable table - sort on "all unencoded tracers", "all the traces in a tags"
  * [ ] Include HTTP verb for each request (original tracer and when seen again)
    * Visually indicate difference between DOM seeing it and the proxy seeing the tracer
      in the request
  * [ ] Better de-duplicating when observing tracers
    * This might take a back burner.
  * [ ] Be able to give tracers human-meaningful labels
    * This is a requirement for the UI page being useful once you have many tracers
    * Sweet trick (Clint's proud): initially auto set label based on name for input field
  * [ ] Next to each instance of a tracer being observed have a dropdown button
    that when pressed shows you the code snippet (html or JS) where it was
    observed.
     * Highlight the tracer in the code snippet.
  * [ ] How to also allow interesting characters? another button, long click on existing button?
    * Maybe config settings page, or browser icon that has 3 state - off, benign
      payload, payload + interesting chars

### Chrome plugin 
* [ ] Support non-text input fields (only look for specific types of inputs currently)

Nothing is configurable right now, can't change where the proxy is located,
can't change what your default tag looks like (might not let you submit curly
braces).

* [ ] Configurable tag names, currently it's only `{{XSS}}`
  * Might be useful for some apps to change it to something more innocuous, like `zzzz`.
  * Nice to have, probably not must have at this point
* [ ] Settings - be able to change proxy port / endpoint
  * In general, getting the config file ready.
* [ ] Make the ladybug icon not an inline data uri
* [ ] Consider changing the highlight color for text fields that indicate that you can insert there
  * Currently red sort of conflicts with when the app is trying to tell you your input failed.
  * Really not a priority, just a thought.
